assets/images/Bag_14.jpg,Cái cặp sách,Tiger,path/to/voice_vietnamese1.mp3,path/to/voice_english1.mp3
assets/images/Bear_29.jpg,Con Gấu,Cat,path/to/voice_vietnamese2.mp3,path/to/voice_english2.mp3
assets/images/Book_154.jpg,Con chó,Dog,path/to/voice_vietnamese3.mp3,path/to/voice_english3.mp3
assets/images/Bottle_94.jpg,Chai nước,Boottle,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Brown_bear_43.jpg,Con gấu đen,Brown_bear,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Bull_34.jpg,Con bò tót,Bull,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Butterfly_103.jpg,Con bướm,Butterfly,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Camel_19.jpg,Con lạc đà,Camel,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Canary_16.jpg,Chim kim tước,Canary,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Candy.jpg,Cái kẹo,Candy,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Cat_22.jpg,Con mèo,Cat,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Caterpillar_81.jpg,Con sâu bướm,Caterpillar,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Cattle_29.jpg,COn bò sừng dài,Catteel,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Ceiling_light_103.jpg,Đèn trần,Ceiling_light,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Centipede_90.jpg,Con rết,Centipede,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Chair_1.jpg,Cái ghế,Chair,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Cheetah_8.jpg,Con báo hoa mai,Cheetah,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Chicken_47.jpg,Con gà,Chicken,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Crab_79.jpg,Con cua,Crab,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Crocodile_32.jpg,Con cá sấu,Crocodile,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Deer_148.jpg,Con nai,Deer,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Dog_82.jpg,Con chó,Dog,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Duck_98.jpg,Con vịt,Duck,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Eagle_49.jpg,Con chim ưng,Eagle,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Electric fan_124.jpg,cái quạt trần,Electric fan,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Elephant_95.jpg,Con voi,Elephant,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Fish_106.jpg,Con cá,Fish,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Fox_3.jpg,Con cáo,Fox,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Fridge_16.jpg,Cái tủ lạnh,Fridge,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Frog_93.jpg,Con ếch,Frog,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Giraffe_5.jpg,Con hươu cao cổ,Giraffe,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Glass_2.jpg,Cái cốc nước,Glass,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Goat_54.jpg,Con dê,Goat,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Goldfish_128.jpg,Con cá vàng,Goldfish,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Goose_20.jpg,Con ngỗng,Goose,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Hamster_3.jpg,Con chuột Hamter,Hamster,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Harbor_seal_2.jpg,Sư tử biển,Harbor_seal,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Hedgehog_60.jpg,Con nhím,Hedgehog,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Hippopotamus_37.jpg,Con hà mã,Hippopotamus,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Horse_63.jpg,Con ngựa,Horse,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Jaguar_59.jpg,Báo đốm,Jaguar,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Jellyfish_57.jpg,Con sứa,Jellyfish,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Kangaroo_57.jpg,Con chuột túi,Kangaroo,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Koala_49.jpg,Con gấu túi,Koala,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Ladybug_24.jpg,Con bọ rùa,Ladybug,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Laptop_3.jpg,Máy tính,Laptop,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Leopard_72.jpg,Con báo,Leopard,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Lion_12.jpg,Con sư tử,Lion,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Lizard_13.jpg,Con thằn lằn,Lizard,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Lynx_56.jpg,Con linh miêu,Lynx,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Magpie_44.jpg,Chim ác,Magpie,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Microwave_14.jpg,Lò vi sóng,Microwave,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Monkey_8.jpg,Con khỉ,Monkey,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Moths_and_butterflies_18.jpg,Con bướm,Moths_and_butterflies,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Mouse_100.jpg,Con chuột,Mouse,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Mousepad_63.jpg,Chuột máy tính,Mousepad,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Mule_37.jpg,Con lan,Mule,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Ostrich_136.jpg,Con đà điểu,Ostrich,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Otter_52.jpg,Con rái cá,Otter,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Owl_28.jpg,Con cú,Owl,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Panda_58.jpg,Con gấu trúc,Panda,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Parrot_11.jpg,Con vẹt,Parrot,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Pen_12.jpg,Cái bút,Pen,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Penguin_98.jpg,Con chim cánh cụt,Penguin,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Pig_67.jpg,Con lợn,Pig,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Polar_bear_98.jpg,Con gấu trắng,Polar_bear,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Rabbit_84.jpg,Con thỏ,Rabbit,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Raccoon_94.jpg,Con gấu mèo,Raccoon,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Raven_54.jpg,Con quạ,Raven,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Red_panda_28.jpg,Con gấu đỏ,Red_panda,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Rhinoceros_47.jpg,Con tê giác,Rhinoceros,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Ruler_18.jpg,Cái thước,Ruler,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Scorpion_69.jpg,Con bọ cạp,Scorpion,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Sea_lion_84.jpg,Con sư tử biển,Sea_lion,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Sea_turtle_19.jpg,Con rùa biển,Sea_turtle,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Seahorse_4.jpg,Con cá ngựa,Seahorse,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Shark_71.jpg,Con cá mập,Shark,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Sheep_46.jpg,Con cừu,Sheep,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Shirt_4.jpg,Cái áo,Shirt,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Shrimp_8.jpg,Con tôm,Shrimp,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Smartphone_76.jpg,Điện thoại di động,Smartphone,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Snail_12.jpg,Con ốc,Snail,voidcevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Snake_93.jpg,Con rắn,Snake,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Sparrow_48.jpg,Con chim sẻ,Sparrow,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Spider_2.jpg,Con nhện,Spider,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Squid_9.jpg,Con mực,Squid,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Squirrel_1.jpg,Con sóc,Squirrel,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Starfish_66.jpg,Con sao biển,Starfish,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Swan_38.jpg,Con thiên nga,Swan,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Table_53.jpg,Cái bàn,Table,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Tick_57.jpg,Con bọ,Tick,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Tiger_22.jpg,Con hổ,Tiger,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Tortoise_94.jpg,Con rùa,Tortoise,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Trouser_11.jpg,Cái quần,Trouser,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Turkey_44.jpg,Con gà tây,Turkey,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Turtle_13.jpg,Con rùa,Turtle,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/TV_19.jpg,Cái TV,TV  ,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Vase_41.jpg,Lọ hoa,Vase,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Whale_73.jpg,Con cá heo,Whale,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Woodpecker_7.jpg,Con chim gõ kiến,Woodpecker,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Worm_7.jpg,Con giun,Worm,voicevn,voiceeng
assets/images/Zebra_8.jpg,Con ngựa vằn,Zebra,voicevn,voiceeng